I think the reason is pretty clear it's
to try to impede as much as possible the
work that I'm trying to continue to do
with a lot of people in different
countries and this work involves the
writing of a second book and it also
involves something which I think the CIA
is very determined to prevent and that
is the establishment of a central data
bank computerized of all of the
individuals and organizations associated
with the CIA or revealed to have been
associated with the CIA over the past 30
years you know all of you I'm sure that
great quantities of information have
come out over the years about the agency
but it's never been systematized it's
never been put all together in a way in
which it can be properly retrieved by
researchers and journalists and
historians and political people and this
is what I would like to do and already
this project has started and people are
working on it in Los Angeles New York
London Paris Australia and other
countries and once it's all put together
it'll be available to the whole world to
use for trying to prevent the efforts
that the CIA has made during 30 years to
penetrate and to manipulate the
institutions of other countries